hi and welcome to Bob Backman Sports
America's number one top sports
handicappers since 1978 this is the
first part of our soccer betting tips
video introduction to soccer betting in
this part we're going to be covering
some interesting topics we're going to
discuss why betting world soccer may
just be the very best betting sport of
all we'll also discuss how I won 18
soccer bets in a row when you're done
with this part of the video we welcome
you to look at part two where we'll talk
about the world cup of soccer the
Olympics of soccer and our results in
the last World Cup we'll talk about
soccer betting in the United States and
the state of soccer in the US the sad
state and we'll talk about the
unarguably best soccer league in the
world the English Premier League now if
you're an American and you're looking at
this right now congratulations you're
going to discover what the sharp
gamblers and the rest of the world have
known for years
betting world soccer matches and that's
what games are called
in the english-speaking portion of the
world that isn't the United States is
probably the best and most profitable
betting option there is and that
includes all American sports shocking
huh
let's analyze that revelation and look
at some of the reasons why that's been
true for me in the years I've
handicapped and bet soccer matches first
understand that soccer or football as
everyone else in the english-speaking
world calls it is played on every
continent except Antarctica and in every
country of the world it is far and away
the most popular international sport
there is and tends to be the national
sport of most countries my world soccer
coverage stag
the imagination I cover more than 50
countries and more than 2,000 soccer
clubs that's what they call teams
everywhere else in the english-speaking
world it boggles the mind it also means
that somewhere on this earth at any
given time the weather will be suitable
to play soccer you wouldn't really want
to play or sit and watch a soccer match
in northern Russia in January though
some fanatics that's where the word fan
comes from probably do but you can
certainly play in dozens of other
countries at that time so international
soccer action is endless day after day
even hour after hour when I handicap
soccer I look at the match start times
which can range from 1 a.m. Eastern Time
for a match in Japan to a match at 10:00
p.m. Eastern Time in Latin America so
how does betting soccer become a very
very profitable sport because there are
hundreds and hundreds of games to choose
winners from it gets literally
overwhelming during a full weekend
because if I were to comb every
available sports book that offers lines
on every available soccer match I would
be looking at maybe 500 different
matches on a weekend card 500 and I
don't know anyone who can look at that
many games I sometimes slip into the
convention of calling them games instead
of matches without their eyeballs
dropping it so I'll look at what I
believe to be the most available lines
and choose several plays from a huge
betting card for my clients
now as I detail in the how Bob Ackman's
picks winners page on our site I use a
computer model to do my soccer
handicapping it is by far the most
selective of all of my computer models
and as I've explained it can afford to
be with so much action going on
elsewhere in the world other than just
one country that's why soccer is such a
great betting sport for me now
understand that my own clients some of
whom have been with me for 20 or 25
years or even longer in various sports
might also be reading and watching this
information on my site I would never
jeopardize my reputation with
phony-baloney tales of great
accomplishments that were nonsense
having said that I can tell you that a
few years ago I had the most magical run
in giving out soccer place I won 18 in a
row if that had happened due to pure
chance which obviously didn't the odds
would have been astronomical for
instance the odds of flipping a coin and
getting 18 heads or tails in a row which
is essentially the same thing as picking
team a or team B to win though in soccer
betting you have yet another option
which even extends the odds and that's
picking a draw to happen what we call a
tie in the u.s. those odds of going 18
and O are more than 120,000 to 1 if
we're pure chance but I did it and I
clearly sent out my email reports daily
listing those plays and noting to one
and all when it was all over that we had
done just that 118 plays in a row some
were favorites some were dogs summer
unders and some were overs and I tell
you this little story so that you fully
understand what is possible and what has
been accomplished - Bob Backman sports
through their World Soccer
service and we're going to conclude the
first part of our soccer betting tips
video at this point please continue to
watch part two we'll talk about the
Soccer World Cup which makes our Super
Bowl pale by comparison it's estimated
that approximately 1/3 of all the humans
on earth watched the last World Cup is
that amazing or what we'll talk about
the somewhat sad state of soccer in the
United States and we'll talk about a
little bit about the best soccer league
in the world one of literally hundreds I
literally cover hundreds of leagues
leagues the English Premier League so
we'd like to thank you for visiting stop
and look around look over the soccer
pages on this site look at the different
pages for the different sports at the
site and I think you'll find something
that will make you money and will
interest you and look over the content
as well because that's why we're here
again thanks for visiting we're going to
sign off now and please go on to part
two of this soccer intro video